## Names and Descriptions:

main.py - Contain callable method to run the code described below.  
fasta_gen.py - Program writen to generate fasta file(s).  
data.py - Class which hold the characteristics and general attributes of the dataset.  
neural_network.py - Program writen that extract features from the RNA sequences.  
toolbox.py - Used to read and write data from and to external files respectively, within the working directory.  
encoder.py - Encode data to a format readable by a machine learning algorithm.  
extractor.py - Extract data from raw files previously generated by the SPOT-RNA algorithm.  
  
nt_position.txt - hold the exact position of the nucleotide using the IUPAC notation in a particular sequence.
requirements.txt - Requirement to run the above softwares.
  
## Setup  
  
The Python Virtual Environment (.venv folder) must be situated under the "HDV-LIG14" folder, and *NOT* in the "python" folder. Making the HDV-LIG14 as the working directory to access the SPOT-RNA generated data.  
  
The 'requirements.txt' file holds the libraries requirements to setup the virtual environment. On Mac, in VScode, setup can be initialised by using the following commands (make sure python3 is installed prior):  
  
> python3 -m venv .venv
> source .venv/bin/activate
> python3 -m pip install matplotlib
> python3 -m pip install pandas
> python3 -m pip install tensorflow
> python3 -m pip install scikit-learn
>
> ---
>
> *# and so on... Please refer to the requirements.txt*

_Ensure the working directory of the Terminal is HDV-LIG14_
  
More information about setting up the environment on Mac/Windows/Linux can be found here:  
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-tutorial  

If you are still getting errors while running the code, you can do:  
  
> pip freeze
  
And compare the output with the 'requirements.txt' file and lookup for any discrepancies.  
  
## Folders:  
  
The "test" folder is for testing purpose only and is generated by "toolbox.py" to test the various output function used throughout the code.  
  
The "git" folder hold the code used to launch the algorithm and organize the workspace on GitHub. After each batch of 100 generated, it check for any missing data and regenerate these when missing. Then, it upload to GitHub in batch of 50, to not exceed the 100MB upload limit.  
    
## Author:  
  
Vincent Beaulieu

## Copyright:

(c) 2021-2022 Vincent Beaulieu
      All rights reserved.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

This software utilize data generated using the SPOT_RNA software. Additional information and the original source code of jaswindersingh2/SPOT-RNA are available on https://github.com/jaswindersingh2/SPOT-RNA. The jaswindersingh2/SPOT-RNA is licensed under the Mozilla Public License 2.0. More detail on this license at https://github.com/jaswindersingh2/SPOT-RNA/blob/master/LICENSE.
